Write user stories for a beer recipe formulation app.  
-Each user story has a difficulty rating and likely a comment.
-Below the user stories there is more info that should help outline the
creation of object types and explain some terms that non-brewers probably
don't know.

OVERALL:  general necessities and interactive parameters
    1: As a user, I want to be able to add an amount of an ingredient 
        to a recipe so I can predict the ourcome of a brew.
        Rating: 3, outline of this will apply to other more specific ingredients.
        I imagine the initial creation and how it's visually represented will
        take a while
        -create ingredient class of objects, each needs a name, amount, and type
        -integrate them into the UI 

    2: As a user I want to select a batch size for my brew so I can create
        smaller or larger brews accurately.
        Rating: 2, this is a parameter I'll need to use to create accurate data
        anyway so I might as well allow the user to change it.
        -create batch size and test on initial formula
        -allow batch size to change and change the outcome of results(ingredients stay the same)
        -allow batch size to change and scale the ingredients to the outcome stays the same
        -allow user to create brewhouse/equipment profiles to greater customize more accureatly calculate the recipe

    3: As a user, I want to be able to save my recipe so I can refer to/edit
        it later.
        Rating: 3, not much experience saving files, might take awhile.
        -allow user to save recipe
        -allow user to load recipe, so it can be eddited and saved again

    4: As a user, I want to to be able to compare my brew to beer styles so 
        I can see how accurate my brew is to the style.
        Rating: 3-4, I'll very likely skip this one but probably talk about 
        options for gathering the data to impliment this.
        -Create database of beer styles
        -get a chosen beer style to represented in the UI as a layer underneath the user's recipe
        -compare the user's recipe to the style and indicate that it is within style (possibly offer traditional ingredients for style too)

    5: As a user, I want to select what type of brew I am making so I can 
        accurately see how it will affect my brew.
        Rating: 2-3, possibly skip this one too, would be useful in the long
        run, but really not necessary for the basic setup, more info on brew
        types below.
        -create a formula/profile for an all grain batch
        -create a formula/profile for an extract batch
        -create a formula/profile for an partial/hybrid batch

    6: As a user, I want to be able to adjust my brehouse efficiency values
        so that I can have greater control and more accurately reflect my 
        system's efficiency.
        Rating: 2, much like batch size this is a value I'll use for calculations
        so I may as well make it variable for he user to adjust.  Might skip
        this for simplicity.
        -allow user to adjust brewhouse variables
        -allow user to save edited variables

MASH: the step of mixing hot water with malt to make sugar
    7: As a user, I want to add malts to a recipe so I can see the predicted 
        sugar extract of the resulting brew.
        Rating: 2, each kind of malt has an ideal potential amount of sugar
        that can be extracted from it, and this will effect the Original
        gravity.

    8: As a user, I want to add malts to a recipe so I can see the predicted
        color of the resulting brew.
        Rating: 1(once the overall malt objects are established), each kind of malt has an amount of color it will contribute
        to the brew, measured in SRM. Would love to be able to not just give
        the SRM number but have a block displaying what the actual color may 
        look like, or possibly a bar with the color spectrum and a mark 
        indicating this brews color.

    9: As a user, I want to adjust the mash properties of a recipe so I can see
        how it may affect the sugar extract of the resulting brew.
        Rating: 2-3, might skip this one, have to look into the formulas for it
        and see how feasible it is to accuately represent in this app.


     : possibly add strike temp/volume, and sparge calculators
     : possibly add pH balancing salt/additive calculator

BOIL:
    10: As a user, I want to add hops to a recipe so I can see the predicted    
        bitterness of the resulting brew.
        Rating: 2, hops impart bitterness and aroma to beer. Bitterness is 
        measured in IBU.

    11: As a user, I want to be able to adjust the Alpha Acid of a hop addition
        so I can make the recipe more accurate with the kind of hops I have.
        Rating: 1(once the initial hop class is set up), alpha acids are what actually impart the bitterness, and 
        is used to hone in a recipe's IBUs, different hops have different potential
        levels of alpha acid, but it varies from batch to batch, so it typiclly says
        on the bag of hops

    12: As a user, I want to be able to set how long my hops are boiled so I can
        see accurately how it affects the bitterness.
        Rating: 2, the longer hops are boiled the more IBUs they will impart to
        the beer, so adding them at 90 mins left or 5 minutes left is a huge
        difference. I think the formula is pretty straight forward though.

    13: As a user, I want to add other ingredients to the boil so I have an
        accurate recipe and know how much I need.
        Rating: 1, this should be really easy for spices, can be a bit tricky
        when adding sugars that will add to the original gravity or affect 
        color.
        - create an other object that can be added to the boil (name, amount, color?, sugar?, type?)
        -allow user to create and edit these objects

    14: As a user I want to set my boil time so I can see how the evaporation
        may affect my brew.
        Rating: 2, the longer the boil, the more water evaporates, the sugar
        gets more concentrated, the less the final volume.
        -allow user to create boil time
        -hops cannot be boiled for longer than max time
        -longer boils lead to greater evaporation, this will increase OG,and decrease yeild

FERMENTATION:
    15: As a user, I want to know how many yeast cells I need for the brew
        so I can make sure I get enough before making it.
        Rating: 2,
        let user ajust the pitch rate, select yeast type, calculate amount

    16: As a user, I want to add a yeast name/type to the recipe so that I can 
        see how much alcohol it may produce.
        Rating: 2, yeast strains ferment differently from one another.
        -create yeast objects with names, attenuation rates, types

    17: As a user, I want to adjust the attenuation of my yeast so I can see
        its predicted outcome on the final gravity of my brew.
        Rating: 1, depending on the brewer's set up they may be able to know
        a more specific number than the given example or range of a given
        yeast strains attenuation.

    18: As a user, I want to add hops/ingrediets to my fermenter so I have an 
        accurate recipe.
        Rating: 1, once the other objects/classes are made it'll be easy to 
        throw this in.

    : allow user to switch betweem imperial/metric, Specific Gravity/Plato,
        SRM/Lovibond/EBC




Idea and Glossary section:
-Time typically refers to the time left in the boil
-Location will typically refer to where or what step the ingredient it used in like in the boil, or ferment.
OVERALL:
    -Ingredient: Each ingredient will need a name and amount associated with it,
        some will have times and locations to be associated with it.  Some 
        properties will be predefined and unchangable, some will be predifined
        and changable, some will not be defined and need to be added during
        recipe creation.
    -Batch size: typically 5 gallons, but should be able to make it variable.
    -Brew type: types of home brews are typically "All Grain" which uses just
        malt to create sugar for the beer, "Extract" which is much simpler and
        uses mostly sugar syrups to create the beer, and "Partial Mash"
        which is a hybrid of the other two.
    -Brewhouse efficiency: each system will have a different efficiency, which
        is a measure of how much sugar the brewhouse can extract from the grain
MASH:
    -Malt: a main ingredient in beer.  Malt imparts sugars, color, and flavors.
        Each malt object will need to have a these characteristics: name,
        potential extract (amount of sugar), color (measured in SRM), amount.
        Optional: pH, recommended usage rates, location (steep, mash, etc.)
    -Mash temperature: the temperature can effect the kind of sugars that 
        are potentially exctracted from the malt, some sugars are more fementable 
        than others so mash temps can effect the resulting alcohol content. I have
        an idea of this effect through experience, but I'll have to double check
        if there's a realiable formula I could use to more accurately/consistenly
        represent this.
    -Original Gravity: this is the density of the wort before fermentation.  
        This is directly related to the amount of sugar that has been 
        extracted from the malt and added to the water, and is the main 
        thing we will be calculating from the malt input(s)
BOIL: 
    -Hops: a main ingredient in beer. Hops add bitterness and aroma. Each hop   
        object will need to have these characteristics: name, alpha acid,
        amount, time, location (boil, secondary, etc.). Optional: 
        purpose (bitering/aroma/dual), type(pellet, whole, powder, etc.)
    -Additives, Adjuncts, Spices: optional ingredients in beer, imparting
        anything like flavor, aroma, color, sugar, etc.  Each extra ingredient 
        object will need to have these properties: name, amount, type, time, 
        location. Optional (type dependent): color, potential extract.
FERMENTATION:
    -Yeast: a main ingredient in beer. Yeast converts sugar to alcohol and
        is what turns wort into beer. Each yeast object will need to have 
        these properties: name, amount, attenuation. Optional: attenuation 
        range, temp range, alcohol tolerance range, flocculation, Lab/ProductID.
    -Attenuation: this is how much of the sugar in the beer that the yeast
        can potentially consume and turn into alcohol
    -Final Gravity: this is the denisty of the beer after fermentation.
        Alcohol is less dense than water, so as the yeast attenuates(ferments)
        the wort into beer it becomes less dense.
    -Alcohol: What all the work is really for.  Alcohol by Volume (ABV), is
        measured by taking the difference in original gravity and final gravity
        and plugging them into a formula.
    
